---
order: 1
agendaLabel: "Who am I?"
sectionTitle: "Getting to know Tea"
subtitle: "01 - Who am I?"
---

You may already be confused about my name. Let me clear it up for you. 

My full name is **Teodora** - it has Greek origins and it means *a gift from God*. But for some reason, I prefer when people
call me just **Tea**. In my head I am just Tea.

Random facts about me: I like the colour **red**. *Love* red. I also like doing **yoga**, and
I was a **hip-hop dancer** for the better part of my youth - something close to 12 years.
I am not actively training either anymore, but they are something I look forward to at the end of a 
hard day. I am the biggest **foodie**. I enjoy taking risks with unusual dishes and foreign cuisine.
I also love to **travel**. My goal is to see as much of the world as I can and as soon as I can - 
even though I know in my heart that I am always coming back home.

I find the greatest value in my **relationships** - both professional and personal. 
I try to surround myself with people who **uplift** me and protect my peace, but also with people who push me 
to **fight**, to be brave, to make tough decisions. I myself try to have an **optimistic** outlook on life,
try to be present, to believe that everything is working out exactly as it is supposed to - even if 
sometimes I don't like the result. Most of all, I am constantly **learning**. I am forever
reading something, watching something, talking to someone about **something new**. 

Three words that come to mind when I think *Tea* are **universe**, **curiosity** and **red**. 
I hope that helps.